README.md, before:

OpenACC-NVTX Library
====================
Author: Jeff Larkin <jlarkin@nvidia.com>

Description
-----------
This library is a proof-of-concept libraray demonstrating how the OpenACC Tools
Interface can be used with the NVIDIA Tools Extensions to provide useful
information about application performance. It is intended particularly for
identifying implicit data motion that occurs in OpenACC regions when data
locality has not been explicitly managed by the programmer. This is done by
annotating the GPU timeline with NVTX ranges for compute and data constructs.
When viewed with nvprof or NVIDIA Visual Profiler the programmer will be able
to time specific GPU events, such as PCIe copies or compute kernels, to the
OpenACC regions in the code.

Usage
-----

### Building the Library ###
The library can be built with the `make` command. It has been testing with PGI
15.5 and CUDA 7.0.

### Using the Library ###
To use the library, set the PGI_ACC_PROFLIB environment variable to point to
the full path of the shared object file `libaccnvtx.so`. Then run the program
using the `nvprof` command.

    $ export PGI_ACC_PROFLIB=$PATH_TO_LIB/libaccnvtx.so
    $ nvprof ./a.out

Optionally, you can choose to output a file from nvprof to import into the NVIDIA
Visual Profiler.

    $ export PGI_ACC_PROFLIB=$PATH_TO_LIB/libaccnvtx.so
    $ nvprof -o out.nvp ./a.out


Notes
-----
Future versions of the PGI compiler will implement the final tools API from the
OpenACC 2.5 spec. The wrappers will be updated at that time.

License
-------
Copyright 2015 NVIDIA Corporation

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Updated README with information about range colors.

README.md, after:

OpenACC-NVTX Library
====================
Author: Jeff Larkin <jlarkin@nvidia.com>

Description
-----------
This library is a proof-of-concept libraray demonstrating how the OpenACC Tools
Interface can be used with the NVIDIA Tools Extensions to provide useful
information about application performance. It is intended particularly for
identifying implicit data motion that occurs in OpenACC regions when data
locality has not been explicitly managed by the programmer. This is done by
annotating the GPU timeline with NVTX ranges for compute and data constructs.
When viewed with nvprof or NVIDIA Visual Profiler the programmer will be able
to time specific GPU events, such as PCIe copies or compute kernels, to the
OpenACC regions in the code.

Usage
-----

### Building the Library ###
The library can be built with the `make` command. It has been testing with PGI
15.5 and CUDA 7.0.

### Using the Library ###
To use the library, set the PGI_ACC_PROFLIB environment variable to point to
the full path of the shared object file `libaccnvtx.so`. Then run the program
using the `nvprof` command.

    $ export PGI_ACC_PROFLIB=$PATH_TO_LIB/libaccnvtx.so
    $ nvprof ./a.out

Optionally, you can choose to output a file from nvprof to import into the NVIDIA
Visual Profiler.

    $ export PGI_ACC_PROFLIB=$PATH_TO_LIB/libaccnvtx.so
    $ nvprof -o out.nvp ./a.out

When imported into NVIDIA Visual Profiler data regions (explicit and implicit),
enter and exit data directives, and update directives will use a red range,
compute construct kernels (both the `parallel` and `kernels` directives) will
be green, implicit waits will be yellow, and explicit waits will use a purple
range.

Notes
-----
Future versions of the PGI compiler will implement the final tools API from the
OpenACC 2.5 spec. The wrappers will be updated at that time.

License
-------
Copyright 2015 NVIDIA Corporation

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
